com/engine/model/User.java
 com.engine.model.User
 com.engine.model.User$UserBuilder
com/engine/model/Quiz.java
 com.engine.model.Quiz
 com.engine.model.Quiz$QuizBuilder
com/engine/mapper/QuizMapper.java
 com.engine.mapper.QuizMapper
com/engine/dto/QuizDto.java
 com.engine.dto.QuizDto
 com.engine.dto.QuizDto$QuizDtoBuilder
com/engine/model/UserImpl.java
 com.engine.model.UserImpl
com/engine/service/QuizService.java
 com.engine.service.QuizService
com/engine/WebQuizEngine.java
 com.engine.WebQuizEngine
com/engine/model/CompletedQuiz.java
 com.engine.model.CompletedQuiz
 com.engine.model.CompletedQuiz$CompletedQuizBuilder
com/engine/error/ApiError.java
 com.engine.error.ApiError
com/engine/dto/UserDto.java
 com.engine.dto.UserDto
 com.engine.dto.UserDto$UserDtoBuilder
com/engine/dto/Result.java
 com.engine.dto.Result
com/engine/repository/CompletedQuizRepository.java
 com.engine.repository.CompletedQuizRepository
com/engine/dto/CompletedQuizDto.java
 com.engine.dto.CompletedQuizDto
 com.engine.dto.CompletedQuizDto$CompletedQuizDtoBuilder
com/engine/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.engine.mapper.UserMapper
com/engine/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.engine.repository.UserRepository
com/engine/controller/QuizController.java
 com.engine.controller.QuizController
com/engine/dto/Answer.java
 com.engine.dto.Answer
com/engine/controller/UserController.java
 com.engine.controller.UserController
com/engine/repository/QuizRepository.java
 com.engine.repository.QuizRepository
com/engine/config/SecurityConfiguration.java
 com.engine.config.SecurityConfiguration
com/engine/service/UserService.java
 com.engine.service.UserService
com/engine/controller/AdviceController.java
 com.engine.controller.AdviceController
